 1. Introduction: 40s
	Team
		Hi everyone, I am Dung Dam and this is Yang Wang.
		Today we will show you our idea of a new product.
	2 Big Questions
		There are 2 big questions that we are focusing on in this product.
		First, there are thousands of news provider publishing millions of news artciles everyday. Is this possible to consolidate them into just one news portal?
		Second, we observe that people are personalizing their facebook profiles every day, so is this possible for us to learn about a person's characteristics, their concerns and interests by discovering their facebook profile? If yes, how can we take advantage of this knowledge?

		By trying to solve these 2 problems, we hope to bring a better reading experience to the users in our upcoming product:
			A Personalized News Portal

2. Project Overview: 60s
	System diagram
		This is the system overview. Our system consists of 3 main components: a news collector, a news provider and a website.
		The News Collector is responsible for gathering the news from different sources, preprocessing them and storing them in database
		It includes a news crawler and a classifier.
		The News Provider takes charge of retrieving user information from social network, learning about their interests & concerns and then suggesting news articles based on this learning.
		And the last component is a website, where the users can login by their facebook account and view the news articles personalized for them.


3. Classifying News Articles: 30s
	In our system, category of the news articles plays an important role, especially in the suggesting engine.
	Once the articles are retrieved by the crawler, they need to be classified into categories. Instead of manually mapping the publisher categories with our categories, we use a Naive Bayes Classifier to label them automatically.
	We use the copora provided by Reuters, containing about 11k labeled documents, 115 categories

4. News Provider: 60s
	
5. Current Results: 20s
	
6. Future Work: 40s
	
	
